feat: add some of trueberryless' new Starlight blogs to community content (#3525)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/resources/community-content.mdx

		title="Add a reading progress indicator"
		description="Find out how to add a horizontal reading progress bar to your Starlight site."
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://blog.trueberryless.org/blog/starlight-sidebar-whitespace/"
		title="Make your Starlight sidebar items look better"
		description="Using a little bit of CSS to adjust fonts, colours and more of the Starlight sidebar."
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://blog.trueberryless.org/blog/starlight-dropdown-and-list-together/"
		title="Starlight Topics Dropdown on mobile, List on desktop"
		description="Combine two plugins to have the best of both on desktop and mobile devices."
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://blog.trueberryless.org/blog/starlight-autogenerate-whole-sidebar/"
		title="Convention for better Starlight sidebars with middleware"

> 		description="Use middleware and your own convention to have better control of the order of sidebar items and group labels."

Reviewer: I’m not very clear what “convention” means in this context, so maybe it’s not helping get the message across. Could just be edited down to something like this?
```suggestion
		description="Use middleware to take control of the order of sidebar items and group labels."
```

Reviewer: Ahh, thanks for the explanation! I think maybe this would work well:

```suggestion
		description="Use route middleware to control sidebar ordering and group labels, inspired by Nuxt Content’s conventions."
```
